_pages/talks.md, before:

---
title: "Talks / Workshops at Conferences"
permalink: /talks/
layout: single
---
## Applitools Events
- [Insights from "Unspoken" Customer Feedback](https://guildconferences.com/events/future-of-testing-winter-2020/) at Applitools FoT (2020)

## Selenium Conf
- [Mobile Automation Device Lab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY-5AXyQBl4&feature=youtu.be) (2018)
- Game: Collaboration - A Taboo (2018)

## STeP-IN Summit
- [Analytics - Insights from "Unsaid" Customer Feedback](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCgJBDemNTA) (2020)

## TAQELAH
- [Consumer Driven Contract Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPwjGWRCZk0&ab_channel=Engineers.SG) (2019)

## TechnoWise
- [MAD Lab for mobile test automation](https://www.meetup.com/TechnoWise/events/250127214/) (2018)

## The Test Tribe Events
- [Quality is a Team Responsibility](https://youtu.be/tLtUuqmBZKo) at TestFlix (2020)
- [Treating Test Code as Production Code](https://www.slideshare.net/lavanyam210/treating-test-code-as-production-code) at TribalQonf (2020)

## VodQA
- Game: Collaboration - A Taboo (2017)
- [Security Testing Workshop](https://www.slideshare.net/lavanyam210/security-testing-operation-vijay) (2016)
- [Workshop on Fuzzing](https://github.com/bitweft/fuzzing) (2014)
- [Understanding SQL and NoSQL Injection](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufue1Y4JheM&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=vodQA-aforumforsoftwaretestingenthusiasts) (2013)

Commit message:

Add links to recent talks with The Test Chat

_pages/talks.md, after:

---
title: "Talks / Workshops at Conferences"
permalink: /talks/
layout: single
---
## Applitools Events
- [Insights from "Unspoken" Customer Feedback](https://guildconferences.com/events/future-of-testing-winter-2020/) at Applitools FoT (2020)

## Selenium Conf
- [Mobile Automation Device Lab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY-5AXyQBl4&feature=youtu.be) (2018)
- Game: Collaboration - A Taboo (2018)

## STeP-IN Summit
- [Analytics - Insights from "Unsaid" Customer Feedback](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCgJBDemNTA) (2020)

## TAQELAH
- [Consumer Driven Contract Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPwjGWRCZk0&ab_channel=Engineers.SG) (2019)

## TechnoWise
- [MAD Lab for mobile test automation](https://www.meetup.com/TechnoWise/events/250127214/) (2018)

## The Test Chat Events
- [TesterSpeak Episode 23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJi-byIFM3M) (2021)
- [Is Unit Testing Important and Why?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqellKq5crw) at WIT Episode 26 (2020)

## The Test Tribe Events
- [Quality is a Team Responsibility](https://youtu.be/tLtUuqmBZKo) at TestFlix (2020)
- [Treating Test Code as Production Code](https://www.slideshare.net/lavanyam210/treating-test-code-as-production-code) at TribalQonf (2020)

## VodQA
- Game: Collaboration - A Taboo (2017)
- [Security Testing Workshop](https://www.slideshare.net/lavanyam210/security-testing-operation-vijay) (2016)
- [Workshop on Fuzzing](https://github.com/bitweft/fuzzing) (2014)
- [Understanding SQL and NoSQL Injection](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufue1Y4JheM&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=vodQA-aforumforsoftwaretestingenthusiasts) (2013)
